Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- What are your initial impressions of how `Association` affects your programming?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

Associations allow you to build classes based on the existance of others which allows you to build more complicated programs. It's like having the building blocks in a LEGO set and figuring out how all the pieces fit together (sans instruction manual). However, if a class or a method within a class isn't public or doesn't have an accessor (or manipulator) it can impact your abilities to use said class/methods. It's important and helpful to know how different objects and classes should be associated before starting to code because if you're building your code and don't have a clear methodology, it's easy to get lost while coding. 

The layout within the README file was very helpful in breaking down what each class should contain and the components that needed to be built before moving on to the next class. I think though if I hadn't attended TA hours on Monday, I'd have more errors in relating my Engine, Car, and Passenger classes, all of which I had completed most of before attending but made edits in TA hours in order to get rid of some red squiggles. I tried building the Train class on my own (which I think is obvious by its less-sophistocated nature) which didn't go over as well because I think I don't understand how to combine each individual instance of the Car class into a "total" Train (ie: combining all individual Car manifests into a total manifest). I'd recommend carving out specific blocks of time to ensure going to TA hours every week, but I do wish I'd be able to code without relying on help from TAs to ensure my code runs without squiggles...